Package: CytoTalk
=================

[2021-10-07]

The latest release "CytoTalk_v4.0.0" is a completely re-written R
version of the program. Approximately half of the run time as been shaved off,
the program is now cross-compatible with Windows and *NIX systems, the file
space usage is down to roughly a tenth of what it was, and graphical outputs
have been made easier to import or now produce portable SVG files with embedded
hyperlinks.

[2021-06-08]

The release "CytoTalk_v3.1.0" is a major updated R version on the basis
of v3.0.3. We have added a function to generate Cytoscape files for
visualization of each ligand-receptor-associated pathway extracted from the
predicted signaling network between the two given cell types. For each
predicted ligand-receptor pair, its associated pathway is defined as the
user-specified order of the neighborhood of the ligand and receptor in the two
cell types.

[2021-05-31]

The release "CytoTalk_v3.0.3" is a revised R version on the basis of v3.0.2. A
bug has been fixed in this version to avoid errors occurred in some special
cases. We also provided a new example "RunCytoTalk_Example_StepByStep.R" to run
the CytoTalk algorithm in a step-by-step fashion. Please download
"CytoTalk_package_v3.0.3.zip" from the Releases page
(https://github.com/huBioinfo/CytoTalk/releases/tag/v3.0.3) and refer to the
user manual inside the package.

[2021-05-19]

The release "CytoTalk_v3.0.2" is a revised R version on the basis of v3.0.1. A
bug has been fixed in this version to avoid running errors in some extreme
cases. Final prediction results will be the same as v3.0.1. Please download the
package from the Releases page
(https://github.com/huBioinfo/CytoTalk/releases/tag/v3.0.2) and refer to the
user manual inside the package.

[2021-05-12]

The release "CytoTalk_v3.0.1" is an R version, which is more easily and
friendly to use!! Please download the package from the Releases page
(https://github.com/huBioinfo/CytoTalk/releases/tag/v3.0.1) and refer to the
user manual inside the package.
